[aggregator] use 64bits context keys. (#5209)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/agent/hash.md

## Hash selection

This documentation is intended for Agent developers.

### Collisions

Besides performance, an important consideration during the selection of a hash function is
how often it creates collisions: a collision in a function is when two different
inputs give the same output.

Datadog stores samples of the Agent aggregator in a map. In order to have smaller keys
while storing the values in this map, Datadog uses a hash of some identifying parts
of the sample: for instance, the metric name and its tags.
Thus, the map is used as a hashmap.

> The Java HashMap implementation contains a "collision resolution" algorithm: when

Reviewer: Go's hashmap is implemented that way as well :) (or in any language really)

Author: Yup true, I've been with this Java one because it explicitly has Hash in its name :D I'm moving it to a google doc I'll adapt there.

two keys generate the same hash, because the HashMap stores values in buckets, it
can test the different entries behind the same hash and return the proper value.
This does not exist in the aggregator: while writing to the map, it is unknown if

> the value form another sample is being overwritten. For the aggregator, it is important

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the value from another sample is being overwritten. For the aggregator, it is important
```

## Hash selection

> This documentation is intended for the Agent developers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This documentation is intended for Agent developers.
```

### Collisions

> Besides performances, what is very important during the selection of a hash is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Besides performance, an important consideration during the selection of a hash function is
```
